Fix: fixed negative zero (#6418)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-01-24-fix-negative-zero-when-calculating-price.md

---
title: Fix negative zero when calculating price

> issue: NEXT-00000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issue: #6418
```

author: Jasper Peeters
author_email: jasper.peeters@meteor.be
author_github: JasperP98

> ---
> 
> # Core
> 
> * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Checkout\Cart\Price\CashRounding::mathRound` to always round a zero cash price to a positive zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
# Core
* Changed `\Shopware\Core\Checkout\Cart\Price\CashRounding::mathRound` to always round a zero cash price to a positive zero.
```

> * When rounding the cash price in `\Shopware\Core\Checkout\Cart\Price\CashRounding::mathRound` the result should always result in a positive zero.

Reviewer 2: Changelog entries should start with Added, Removed, Changed or Deprecated

> * When rounding the cash price in `\Shopware\Core\Checkout\Cart\Price\CashRounding::mathRound` the result should always result in a positive zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Core
* Changed `\Shopware\Core\Checkout\Cart\Price\CashRounding::mathRound` to always round a zero cash price to a positive zero.
```
